Chopper's on its way!
Rescue says they're about 20 minutes out!
He doesn't have 20 minutes!
We got to get him now!
Okay, I'll rig up and join you!
Huh?
Yo soy un doctor. Me llamo T.C.
Okay. He's in shock.
He's got an open wound.
Tib-Fib fracture. He needs
to get out of here ASAP.
I'll give you a signal to pull us up.
And tell the chopper to get his ass here.
All right, uh, use this
cream three times a day,
- and the rash will clear right up, okay?
- Okay.
Hey, and thank you for your
service to this country.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
Telephone for Dr. Cummings.
Paging Dr. Cummings.
Hello, this is Dr. C... oh, gross!
Kenny!
Wherever you are, you're dead!
I wouldn't take that crap if I were you.
Okay, give him another 15 minutes rest
then send him home with the antibiotics.
- Thanks, Mollie.
- You're welcome.
- Hey, how'd it go?
- Check this out. Night shift special.
Two guys fought a duel with
nail guns outside of the Alamo.
And the first guy missed,
second guy didn't.
- Well, I hope he already had kids.
- Mm-hmm.
- Right.
- No, please, stop! I...
I-I don't know how you
handled all this paperwork
- when you were in charge.
- I do not miss that part of the job.
Jordan, I need you! Male
and female, both 40s.
Status post-penetrating rebar injury
- while riding a motorcycle.
- Okay. Trauma 1.
Uh... rebar? What... flew off
the back of a truck on 410.
Male with a through-and-through
skull injury.
G.C.S. of
4-6-5, somehow.
Female with a penetrating throat injury.
She's tachy. B.P. of 90 systolic.
So far her sats are holding.
What's with the splint?
Gross abnormality of the distal radius
from the fall. It's closed.
Okay, this is gonna need sutures!
All right, I'm on it. All right,
let's get trauma down
here for a consult ASAP.
Dr. Cummings is in surgery.
I got to call in Dr. Chavez,
the new night surgeon.
Hell of a first shift for him.
Thank you. Really could've
used T.C. on this one.
He never should have been suspended.
You don't take a doc like
that out of the E.R. agreed.
But you know T.C. can't
stop him from working.
Ah... hold on! He's choking.
Okay, I got you. Come on.
You got something in there. Cough. Hmm?
Hey! What's going on?
He's got partial airway occlusion!
If we take him up any further,
his airway's gonna block!
I need you! He's completely obstructed!
Coming down with your med kit!
Son of a bitch.
He's got cotton balls
stuck down his throat.
- Hand me a j-wire.
- Cotton balls?
Yeah. Some coyotes across the borders,
they soak cotton balls
in juice to feed the kids
instead of food.
But they don't digest, so they choke easy.
Come on, get in there. Get in there.
He's turning blue.
- You got this?
- Yeah.
I need to clear his airway
with the retrograde j-wire.
Ah, there we go. There we go.
Hang in there. Hang in there.
There we go. Yes!
You're all good. Good job, buddy, come on.
Yeah, welcome back.
Okay, let's make our way back up.
Nice and slowly.
Okay. Up...
Sir, hold still! Don't
even move an inch, okay?
Your wife's being sedated on pain medicine.
We need to keep you lucid
to follow your neuro exams,
so we can't give you
any pain meds right now.
- I don't feel any pain.
- None? What about your wrist?
I don't care about my wrists!
This is all my fault!
She hates the motorcycle.
- I talked her...
- Sir, you need to be calm.
You keep moving around,
you're gonna endanger
- both of you, okay?
- Okay.
Okay, I'm done here. Let's get some...
- dressing on it.
- Dr. Chavez, I presume.
- Joey.
- I can take that, Doctor.
Scott will be down as soon as he can.
He's still elbows deep
in a splenectomy case.
Everybody, huddle up. Let's
get some information here.
We need to get this helmet
off. Are they both medicated?
The wife is. The husband is
conscious but reporting no pain.
- Really?
- But he is pretty freaked out.
All right, I'm gonna work
on getting the helmet off.
You guys complete the
secondary survey on the wife.
- All right? Let's roll.
- You guys okay here? I'm getting paged.
- Yeah, we got this.
- Uh, what's the patient's name?
- Craig.
Mind if I borrow this? Thanks.
All right, Craig. You do yoga?
- Uh, n-no.
- No?
All right. Well, you're
going to learn right now.
- How's that sound?
- Uh... Mm...
All right, just follow my pen here.
Good job, Craig.
Now, I want you to focus on your breathing.
Sound of the saw can be a bit unnerving,
and breath is the bridge
between the mind and the body.
The longer you exhale, the
more relaxed you're going to be.
Can you do that?
I'll try.
Drill, please. Thank you.
Namaste, everybody.
So, the new night surgeon...
Chavez... what's he like?
Very Dr. Granola.
A little too touchy-feely for my taste.
Oh, God, I forgot
it's Ragosa's first night back.
That's just what I need.
Another pain in my ass.
Evening, Gentlemen.
Mollie. Topher!
Ha ha!
Mm! Good to have you back!
Hmm. How's the wife and kids?
- Good. They're good.
- Good.
Good, good. Drew.
How's Rick?
I hear you guys moved in together, right?
He's doing as well as could be expected.
Should get his prosthetic leg any week.
You tell him to never give up hope.
I didn't,
and this guy right here didn't, either.
- Isn't that right, Topher?
- Yeah.
- Everything good with you?
- Yeah. Couldn't be better.
You survive a tumor, cheat death,
everything else seems like small potatoes.
We dodged a bullet, Topher.
Mm. Well, you didn't,
- but you get my metaphor, right?
- Yeah.
- We're survivors.
- I get it.
Anyway...
First day back, lots to do.
- See you boys around.
- Okay.
Okay, that was weird, right?
I don't know who that was.
Uh... hey! Hey! I need a trauma room.
- Oh... trauma 3!
- Okay.
Found this little guy in the wild,
probably abandoned by a coyote,
with an open tibia fracture,
an infected leg wound,
and severe dehydration.
He's gotten 40cc per kilogram bolus
through a sterile I.O. line.
Oh, come on. Send off a C.B.C.,
a C.M.P., and get Ortho here ASAP.
Here we go, here we go...
- Tee, I hate to break it to you...
- All right, I'll draw the blood.
But technically you're still suspended.
Right. Sorry. Kenny,
Dr. Zia is gonna ask you
to start Ancef and Gent prophylaxis
for the open fracture
and the wound infection.
Got it.
Dr. Zia's also gonna tell
you that Dr. Callahan,
although a brilliant doctor,
has been a pain in his ass
since the day they met.
Yeah, but you still love me, huh?
I'm gonna slowly take this off of you.
Okay, the bar is stable for now.
All right.
How you doing, Craig? You feeling any pain?
It's fine. Mary, how are you doing?
- She's good. She's resting.
- Can I hold her hand?
Of course.
Surgery took a lot longer than expected.
- What do we got here, Krista?
- A reduced wrist fracture on the man,
a sutured knee lac on the woman,
and a large piece of rebar
causing all types of problems.
So what we need to do is separate the two
- without killing them.
- I don't want to cut them apart
without seeing what
structures may be damaged.
There's no way we can fit
them in the C.T. like that.
Well, what if we cut it
at both ends? Maybe...
We'll handle it from here, Jordan.
This a surgical case now.
You can go back to the E.R.
Okay.
Let me know if you need anything.
All right, we're gonna clear
the bottom half of this helmet.
Let's be ready to stabilize his head.
On my count, all right?
Woman on
P.A: Dr. Zia to trauma 1.
- Hey. Jordy, check this out...
- Hey.
For throwback Thursday.
What you got? Oh, wow!
- Right?
- Sophomore year?
- Mm-hmm.
- Man, we were so into the Spice Girls.
Uh, uh, still into the Spice Girls.
- That's right.
- So, uh, Scott still being a dick to you?
Yeah. He's acting like...
Like he moved down here and you dumped him
to get back with T.C.?
- Mm?
- Okay, I am not back together with T.C.
and it is way more complicated than that.
Complicated, T.C. No way.
Well, it's better that
he's complicated than...
What, boring?
Our safest option without a scan
is to cut the rebar as
close to you as possible,
and that will keep the weight of the bar
from shifting toward your side.
So does that mean it shifts to her side?
Wait... is it gonna be bad for Mary?
There's potential respiratory distress
and some damage to her vocal chords,
but better that than
damage to your brain tissue,
which can't be repaired.
That can't happen. She's a schoolteacher.
- She needs her voice!
- Craig, we respect your concern, sir,
but you need to know the stakes here.
If you have significant brain damage,
you may not come out of this.
Craig, you need to hear me.
There are no great options here.
There are going to be
risks no matter what we do.
Now, you need to let go and trust us.
We have more ways to help
her if she gets into trouble
than if you do.
I'll take that risk.
No, Mary!
If something happens to
you, I don't care if I live.
I won't let them cut if it hurts you!
Hey, you need to stop moving!
Sats are down to 90!
What's going on? What's beeping?
The airway's filling with blood!
Give me the...
His moving dislodged the blood clot!
Tell me what's going on!
They need to be separated!
I'm cutting the rebar.
- No, Mary!
- Hand me the bone saw, please.
Tell me what's happening!
Discussion over. She needs a trach now.
Krista, prep the neck.
- No...
- I need steriles.
Topher, we're shorthanded out here.
I need you to see an acute stoke patient.
- When it rains, it pours, right?
- Krista, you're up.
Okay, I'm on it.
- Okay, suction.
- Help her! Help her! Mary!
- All right, stabilize him.
- Oh, my God, help her, please!
- Here we go.
- Mary!
Aah!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Michael Ragosa.
Yes, yes, Mr. Clark. I was just, uh,
working on those numbers for you.
And the new insurance mandate.
And the medicare and medicaid
reimbursement projections.
I'm all over it.
Okay.
Okay. Thank you. Bye-bye.
Well, I don't want to be a bother.
It's just a sore neck thing,
but I've been waiting for, like,
three months for an
appointment from the V.A.
All right, Tricia, stop. Just... it's done.
Go hang in the waiting
room, and I'll set it up.
- Hey, T?
- Yeah?
- Kid's doing better.
- Oh, great.
Listen, could you make sure to
see my friend Tricia tonight?
She's a big help to me in therapy group.
- I want to help her out.
- Yeah, of course, but we got to be careful now.
Ragosa's back. He finds out
- we're doing this off-book, we're done.
- Yeah.
Okay? It's not...
- Sure!
- No, it's exactly how...
- T.C.
- Gwen.
May I have a word, Dr. Alexander?
- Sure.
- Mm-hmm.
I like it when you stop by.
- Well, actually, I have to bring in a patient.
- Mm.
But I could go out and come back in
and pretend like I came
here to see you, if you like.
- Yeah, okay.
- Hey, T.C. What's up, man?
- Hey, Paul. Hey.
- Hey. Okay. Good to see you, man.
- Yeah.
- So, working on the vets.
Uh, mum's the word on that one.
Um, it's a bit busy,
but I got it, so... Cool.
That's great. Can you make
sure to see my friend Tricia?
- Yeah.
- See you around, buddy.
So, uh, what do you think
of the new break room, right?
You wanna... you wanna maybe
play some pool after the shift?
- I'm pretty good.
- You know what, Paul?
Maybe you should get a start on those vets.
- Yeah, like now, even.
- Hey, uh, Jordan?
A little help, s'il vous plaît,
with the doctors' schedule.
- Not so good with the paperwork.
- Right.
He's been doing this for
weeks. Okay. Don't leave.
No.
So, just so you know, T.C.,
if you hurt her again,
you're gonna have to deal with me.
Ah, easy, Gwennie. I'm not gonna hurt her.
- Mm-hmm.
- No.
It's not like last time when
I came back from the war.
You know it's different now.
I'm taking it... slow.
Like I said, hurt her,
and you're dealing with me.
Hey, Topher, I just got a
call from the courthouse.
Some type of major crush injury?
They said they can't
move him and he's critical
- and needs a doctor.
- Jordan, you take this.
- On it.
- All right, Gwen, we're up.
Catch you later?
Hey, Mollie.
Um, where exactly was that crash injury?
Guy got stuck in the elevator,
panicked about being late for something,
and tried to squeeze out.
That's when the elevator moved and...
somebody save him! Help, please!
- You've got to...
- Okay, okay, I'm gonna do my best.
He's my dad!
Oh! Whoa!
Let's go! We need more support!
Shore it up! Shore it up!
- You better work fast.
- Yeah.
Block the cable so it doesn't move!
How's she doing?
Looking good. I'm incising the trachea.
I'm ready with the trach tube.
Okay.
Tube's in.
Inflating the balloon.
All right. The bleeding has stopped.
Virtual fist bumps all around.
Thank you, Doctors.
Now that we've got her airway secured,
we can safely remove the
rebar from both of you.
There's a neurosurgeon
waiting for you up in O.R. 1,
and we're gonna take care of your wife
- in O.R. 2 right next door.
- Thank you, Doctor.
You should stretch in between surgeries.
- Be good for you.
- All right.
- You should try it.
- You ready, Mr. Woo?
- Yeah.
- All right.
There's a loud friction rub.
- He's bleeding around his heart.
- Okay.
What are you doing here?
She was sent out on a
major crush case alone.
I thought Jordan could use
the help of a good Samaritan.
More like a good adrenaline junkie.
I could definitely use the help.
Okay, look, this poor man
is having labored breathing.
He needs his airway stabilized,
but I can't intubate him in this position.
We have to go nasotracheal.
I've done it a dozen times
before on the battlefield
when a soldier can't be
moved. Best way to intubate.
Gwen, can you hand me
a 6.0 endotracheal tube?
I'll place a nasal airway for dilation.
Can I also get some
blankets here to prop him up?
We're gonna
take care of you, sir.
It's gonna be okay.
Hey! Oh!
How's it going tonight?
Well, you know what they say...
a third of the time boring,
a third of the time regular,
- a third of the time crazy.
- Ah, I see Jordan's got the crush injury
on site, you just saw a stroke patient,
and Drew is taking care of a sore throat.
There something I can
help you with, Michael?
No. Carry on.
Well, actually, actually, uh,
if it's all right with you,
I thought I'd hang out down here tonight.
- Here?
- Yeah. You know,
I learned a lot about
being a patient myself.
I realized I spent too much
time silo'd up in my office.
I need to be in the ebb and flow.
Get my hands dirty, you know?
I need to be more involved.
All night, every night?
I'll stay out of your way.
I promise.
I...
How's it going?
Okay. All right, all
the Jacks are in place.
Okay, listen up. Nobody does a thing
- until Dr. Alexander gives the signal, okay?
- Mm-hmm.
You only look at and listen to her, got it?
- All right.
- Yeah, okay.
Okay, guys, on my count,
one crank at a time, okay? Understood?
- Tee, are you ready?
- Yeah, let's do it.
Okay, good. On my count.
1, 2, 3.
Again.
- He's bleeding out. We're losing him.
- His temperature's crashing.
Lower the jack now!
No! Daddy! Get it down! Now!
It's crazy, but the elevator
is keeping him alive.
Its weight is stopping him
from bleeding internally.
He most definitely has severe
injuries to his heart and aorta.
Exactly. So if we move him, he dies.
But if he stays, he dies.
- What he needs is E.C.M.O.
- We can't do that.
E.C.M.O.'s never done
outside of a hospital.
Just because it hasn't been done
doesn't mean that it shouldn't be.
Okay, look, if he has no blood in his body,
then he cannot bleed out
when we move the elevator.
We got at least 30 minutes
to get him to the O.R.,
repair his injuries.
I mean, E.C.M.O.'s his only chance, right?
Even if we get approval,
and that is a huge...
It's still better than if we don't try.
- Let's do it.
- Okay.
Make the call.
Look at that. Heart rate's coming down.
He's got color in his cheeks. Looking good.
You got Ancef and Gent
for the open fracture?
- Uh, yeah. That's right.
- Ah.
Mira...
- Excuse me. Topher?
- Yeah?
It's Jordan calling from the scene.
She needs to speak with you right away.
- Thank you, Ken.
- Yeah.
All right, later.
What's up, Jordan?
E.C.M.O.? In the field? Are you nuts?
- Ragosa will never approve that.
- Just pass me through to Ragosa.
Well, he's... he's right here.
Hey, Michael, it's Jordan.
What's going on?
Okay, before you say
no, I need you to listen.
Michael, you know that I
lost my father at a young age.
Your kids almost lost you.
Scott, would you mind
if I put on some music?
I like it when I suture. I, uh,
find it activate sensory pathways
that compete with pain
pathways, reduces anxiety,
- all sorts of good things.
- Ah, I'm not really a music guy in the O.R.
- Some other time.
- All right, let's get this rebar out of here right now.
And... It's...
Out.
Beautiful.
No bleeding.
Needle driver and 5.0 Vicryl to me, please.
- Close her out...
- Dr. Clemens, sorry to interrupt.
- Jordan needs to speak with you.
- I'm a little busy right now.
They're taking an E.C.M.O.
unit out in the field
and they need a surgeon.
- What?
- Never heard of that before.
- Ragosa approve this?
- It's already being loaded.
Go ahead, Scott. I just gotta close.
Krista can be my second set of hands.
If they're going to do that,
you need to be out there.
Son of a bitch.
Jocelyn, could you please
page Dr. Bell-Hart for me?
- Sure.
- And, uh, go ahead
- and turn on the music, please?
- Thanks.
No, you get two pills four
times a day, that's it.
Rick, you can't take any
more. It's not good for you.
I know... I'll see you in the morning.
Sorry it's taking so long,
but I swear you're gonna be next.
Oh, I've waited for months to see a doc,
so a couple hours is nothing.
Plus I never had a doc get
me soda and chips before.
Oh, hey. Where... where
you going with that?
Oh, uh, Paul needed some
extra supplies for the vets.
So... Yeah. Oh, nice, good.
- Um, hey, I've been meaning to ask you a question.
- What's up?
How long have you been
sleeping with Krista?
What are you talking...
- I'm not sleeping...
- Dude, I've been in the closet for 20 years.
- What are you talking...
- I know when someone's keeping a secret.
Plus, I saw you two at
the Riverwalk on Friday.
Okay. Okay.
But you can't tell anybody.
- Just a hookup, or...
- You can't...
well, it started off like
that, man, but I don't know.
I mean, it feels like...
feels like it's turning
into something else now, man.
And you said
Paul sent you in here?
Oh...
That young'un's gonna pay.
Paul better watch out.
- Where are they?
- Let me deal with him. You'll just piss him off.
What the hell are you doing?
And what is T.C. doing here?
He's still under suspension.
Okay, let's just focus
on this man, all right?
Pressure is tamponading
severe mediastinal injuries.
Yes. The E.C.M.O. is a hail Mary,
but we have to try. We
can't just let him die here.
I don't want him to die
here, but you just said it.
It is a hail Mary, and if you
try it and it doesn't work,
you're putting yourself and the hospital
in the cross-hair for a lawsuit.
Still doesn't mean it shouldn't be done.
It's cardiac bypass in an elevator shaft!
Hey, hold... hold, hold, hold, hold.
Jordan, listen to me, okay?
Because you didn't listen
to me last time with Milo,
and he ended up dead, and
you were under investigation.
No, this has nothing to do with Milo.
No, it has everything to do with it.
It has to do with your judgment,
and the bad decisions that...
hey, hey, hey! What the hell is going on?
Okay, look. You need... you need to listen.
To you? Last time I saw you,
you were having a nervous
breakdown in my O.R.
It was so bad they had to suspend you,
- so I don't even know what you're doing here right now.
- Scott...
No, no, no. No. No. Go ahead, let it out.
Say whatever you want, 'cause I
don't care what you think of me.
Okay? But just 'cause
you're pissed off at Jordan
'cause you got your feelings hurt,
you're gonna let that man die?
No, I'm not letting anyone die.
- I am pointing out that if you move that guy...
- Point it out later!
Okay, look. I hate saying this,
but right now you are the only one
who can save that man.
They need you.
Okay, but if we do this, we do it my way.
You understand? You do
everything that I say,
because that is his
only chance. You got it?
Sure. Whatever you need.
Everybody listen up.
We're going to do a veno-arterial bypass.
I don't have access to his heart or groin,
so I'm going in through the neck.
We need cooled saline and
bags of ice... lots of them.
I need the venous and the arterial circuits
flushed and ready to go.
- Let's get started.
- Okay. Come on.
All right, let's save this guy.
It's working. We need to slow
down his brain metabolism.
- More ice.
- Looks like that's it.
Blood is drained.
Core temp's holding at 16.5.
We got 30 minutes to
get him through the O.R.
Or tissue starts to die.
- He's not gonna make it, is he?
- We don't know that.
No, you're just saying
that to make me feel better.
But he wouldn't have even
been here if it wasn't for me.
I got this stupid speeding ticket, and...
I can't lose my father.
He's all that I have.
Alicia, I promise you
that we are going to do
everything that we can.
Dr. Clemens is our top surgeon.
So right now, I-I just
need you to be strong.
That's what they said when my mom died.
I'm so tired of being strong.
All right, people,
got to move. Let's go!
Okay, honey, we got to go now, all right?
You were a captain? I was just a grunt.
Nah, there's no such thing as a grunt.
Give me your hands. Anyway, T.C. told me
how kick-ass you were out in the field,
so we're gonna give you
the A-plus treatment.
Push. Pull.
Now how long you been on the Vicodin?
Months. It's the only thing that helps.
Truth is, I need them to
block the pain so I can train.
I want to re-enlist. I want
to learn to fly choppers.
I want to kick some I.S.I.S. ass
like that woman fighter
pilot from the U.A.E.
- I like the sound of it.
- Yeah, but the pain keeps me from training.
I won't pass the physical. I
can barely do three push-ups.
Can you put your chin to your chest?
- So I just need to pass the test...
- Head up.
Save the money, and get a
chiropractor to fix my neck.
All right.
Okay. Yep. Ma'am.
Do you need some water, or...
Uh, has this happened before?
- A couple times.
- Okay. Relax.
Paul, we're gonna need a chest C.T.
- Remember, it's off-book.
- Okay.
Uh...
We'll get to the bottom of this.
Let's get her to recovery.
Check a neuro exam on arrival
then "Q" two hours overnight.
So I take it that was your
first rebar in the neck, too?
Yeah. Seen fence posts,
broken hockey sticks,
swords, knives, R.P.G.
Grenade? You were in the military?
Yes, ma'am. Air Force
academy, class of 1999.
No offense, but you
don't seem like that type.
And what type is that?
You're just more of a yoga-quoting,
Enya-listening, meditating type.
Did you see any action?
Yeah. A couple of tours in Iraq.
Yeah, Drew was in Iraq, too, as a medic.
I think half our shift
served in the military.
So, I mean, were you just stationed here
and you decided to stay
like most everyone else?
No, I'm a local boy.
Just came back from Florida
to take care of my parents.
God, that is sweet. You
must really love them.
Not really.
- Everybody move! Let's make some room!
- We have to start the rewarming
- right away, or his brain will die!
- You have to stay out of it now!
We're back in the hospital. Tell the O.R.
We're cracking his chest
the second we get up there!
Make sure they know I'm
doing a median sternotomy.
- I got it!
- Let's go, let's go, let's go. Steady.
Have Dr. Chavez meet me there.
Gotta say, when I first saw the elevator
on this guy's chest, I didn't
expect him to make it this far.
Yeah. That was a good call by Jordan.
Ballsy. This guy had no other option.
So, dual rebar operation and an E.C.M.O.
That's a hell of a first night for you.
Piece of cake compared to my first night
in Al-Anbar province.
Suicide bomber walked into a market.
We heard the blast from 5 miles out.
Just... Never seen so many body parts.
Just everywhere. Stuck to the walls.
Sorry, man. I had no idea.
No, don't be sorry. I
mean, how could you know?
I hadn't thought about that in years.
So, no music in the O.R.
I find it too much of a distraction.
That's cool.
Just messin' with you.
Oh, Tricia. Just a few
more minutes, darling.
Hang in there, okay?
Oh. That's not good.
Hey. I just got word Tricia needed a scan.
What's going on?
Son of a bitch.
- A tumor?
- It's a stage 2 pancoast tumor at the top of
your lung. That's what's
been causing your neck pain,
- not a pulled muscle.
- No way. I don't smoke.
I swear, I've never smoked.
If someone's smoking, I walk away.
I saw one of your duties in Afghanistan
was working in the trash pits.
You were exposed to all sorts of chemicals
- for hours every day.
- They said it was safe.
- I'm sorry.
- What do I do?
We get it out of there.
Don't B.S. me, T.C.
You know I'm a straight shooter.
So am I.
We're gonna take care of you, okay?
Promise.
I shouldn't have to take 15 phone calls
in the middle of the night
because you approve an
E.C.M.O. in the field!
- Wait. It needed to be done.
- I don't even know what to say.
Do you have any idea how much that costs?
Yes.
And yet you did it anyway!
What the hell is wrong with you?
Why the hell would you do that?
I'm waiting.
I did it because, um...
I wanted to do...
One decent thing on this job
before I quit.
- You're quitting?
- Yeah.
I quit.
I don't want to do this job anymore.
I had a piece of my brain removed
to get to my tumor.
Most people can barely recite
the alphabet after that,
but I have all of my faculties,
and I refuse to push paper
at a place where everybody hates me!
Ahh! God, this feels so good.
You have no idea how good it feels
to finally do what you want to do.
So, yes.
Yes. I quit.
And I could not be happier.
- Have your desk cleaned out by morning.
- I already started.
Ragosa's quitting.
Oh, that's crazy.
Hey, you.
The nurses said that I would find you here.
My dad always hated this stuff.
But he never said anything.
He just let me be me.
Well, I have some good news.
I just spoke with the O.R.,
and so far your dad's holding up.
Thank you.
I called my aunt from
Dallas. She's coming down.
- Good. That's good.
- Yeah.
Alicia, I want to apologize to you
for what I said earlier.
About being strong.
- Oh, I...
- No, I don't even know why I said that to you,
because I always hated it
when adults said that to me.
No, I never understood
why I had to be strong,
why I couldn't cry,
why I couldn't have feelings.
Feelings are good, Alicia.
Don't ever let anyone tell you how to feel.
I don't know how I feel.
I'm just numb.
Well, uh, do you mind if I...
Stay with you until your aunt gets here?
You know, maybe we could be numb together.
Or cry. I'm...
I'm cool with whatever.
Uh...
It's gonna be all right.
Okay.
So she can't get into the V.A. for months
because of the backlog.
At which time her cancer
will be stage 3 or 4,
too late for her survive.
Pentagon buys $200 million
planes that nobody wants,
- but a soldier can't get a doctor.
- Yeah, I hear that.
And she has no insurance and no savings,
so she can't get a surgeon to do it.
Why don't we just check her
in here like everybody else?
I mean, get her tests done
on-book and just do it here.
We have a great thoracic surgeon on staff.
Yeah, and we have to
treat everybody who comes
through those doors. Surgeons don't.
They just treat emergencies.
- This is an emergency.
- Not technically.
I mean, it... it will become one.
Okay, let's at least do what Paul says.
Let's check her in. Get
it... get it started.
Let's present the case to the surgeon.
Who knows? Maybe he'll do it.
Are you planning your escape?
Ha. Yeah,
Topher thought it was better
if I wasn't hanging
out inside the hospital.
Suspension and all.
- Ah, yeah. That little thing.
- Mm-hmm.
It's a weird shift, huh?
You know, E.C.M.O. and
the motorcycle accident.
That is why I never let you on my bike.
Well, it was a pretty amazing
thing to witness, you know?
I mean, this guy has a piece
of rebar through his brain,
and the only thing he can
think about is his wife.
Well, guess if you find the right woman,
you'll do anything for her.
Topher wants me back
inside. It's about Tricia.
Yeah, I heard about that.
I'm sorry, T, that's... that's really sad.
You know, I never... Told
you how great she was for me.
I didn't wanna burden you with my therapy.
You're not a burden.
Yeah, just... I need to
get there myself, you know?
But, uh, she's a real ball buster for me.
She was the first one to call me out.
Oh, yeah?
- Yeah.
- How?
Well, she was like,
"your brother got himself killed,"
and that Thad dying
was his fault, not mine,
but... That he was reckless
and he had no business
sending a doc in there first...
that was an N.C.O.'s job...
and that he put the entire platoon at risk
by putting the medical
officer in jeopardy.
- Wow.
- The entire group completely agreed with her.
But did you agree with her?
You know, if it wasn't me,
I probably would have, but, uh...
You know, it's hard to look at it that way.
You shouldn't be so hard on yourself, T.
- Yeah. And...
- And you've changed.
I've seen it.
When I had my breakdown...
breakthrough.
Yeah. Uh...
You know, you said you would always
be there for me, and... and you have.
I just wanted to say that
that meant a lot to me.
Gotta...
- Guess we should go back inside.
- Yeah.
Don't make any plans for
two weeks from Friday.
Why?
Tee, why?
Hey, I spoke
to the thoracic surgeon about Tricia.
It's a no-go.
He can't do one pro Bono surgery?
Actually, he does several each month.
He can only do so many.
He did say he'd cut his fee in half,
so all we need is 15 grand. You got that?
What do you think?
That was a rhetorical question.
I'd be surprised if you had 15 bucks.
- I'm sorry, brother.
- Yeah.
Excuse me, ma'am?
We thought you might wanna
share the room with your husband?
He should just be coming, too.
Don't even try.
Talk about beating the odds.
Ma'am, we needed to sedate
your husband to pull the last
of the rebar out.
It had shifted, and the
pain was just too intense.
Mr. Woo, can you hear us?
Remember me? I'm Dr. Zia.
I worked on you when you came in. Mr. Woo?
You're here with your wife.
She's right next to you, sir.
Mr. Woo? Do you wanna
say anything to your wife?
Mr. Woo? I need you to
speak to me in English.
I don't think he can.
She says her husband grew
up in a bilingual family.
That explains it.
I was able to preserve his speech,
but the rebar must have injured
the English language centers of his brain.
He's gonna have to completely relearn it.
Well, considering that
a pole went through his
brain at 70 miles per hour,
I think things can be
a hell of a lot worse.
Okay. Here we go. I downloaded
a Mandarin-to-English app,
and I figured... that way you could talk,
- and we could explain.
- That's a great idea, Krista.
Mandarin-to-English.
Who knew?
I'm gonna send the Cantonese
version to my parents.
I'm in shock. I don't understand.
I thought you said the surgeon couldn't.
I know, but he got an
opening in his schedule.
There's a certain amount
of pro Bono cases per month,
and one fell through, and
it's just lucky timing.
Oh, my God!
You were up next.
Oh, my God! Oh, my God! Thank you.
Huh? Oh.
- Did you hear?
- What?
The surgeon agreed to
do it. I'm gonna live.
I'm gonna live!
Core temp's back up to 98 degrees.
So far, so good.
How's it going? How's our E.C.M.O. patient?
You're just in time
for the moment of truth.
Let's come off bypass.
Coming off bypass.
It's not beating.
It just needs to wake
up. Give me the paddles.
Clear.
Come on, come on.
Increase the joules to 20.
Clear.
Okay, sats are rising.
Come on, take it to the rack, baby.
All right. You did it, Scott.
That was amazing. Really amazing.
Okay, I'm gonna disconnect the tube.
Scott?
I'm really sorry about how
things turned out between us.
Yeah. Well, you got what you wanted.
Okay, let's close.
Hey, Drew, honey, come here.
Will you help me with this, please?
I gotta get it straight,
and I can't get it up.
Just, will you hold that?
Yeah, yeah.
Just put it up a little bit higher.
Right there. That's... you know what?
That's perfect right there.
- You need to...
- That's perfect.
Okay, come on, come on.
Finally got you.
Sucker.
Huh? Where you at?
Dr. Chavez, come here.
You've got to see this.
What the hell, guys?
Excuse me? Ken?
Let me help you breathe here.
That's amazing. That is amazing.
We're just one big happy
family, right, Drew?
Yeah, I can see that.
I think I'm gonna like working
here. You guys are crazy.
- Welcome to the night shift, Dr. Chavez.
- Don't touch me.
He said, "don't touch me."
- Are you serious?
- Sandwiches.
Uh, you... you okay?
No, I am not okay. I made
a huge, massive mistake.
You see these... these big speeches
in the movies, and it looks cool,
and the guy gets the girl and the job,
and the music plays?
Well... That ain't
happening. There is no music.
I am so, so screwed! What
the hell was I thinking?
Clearly, you had some
things to get off your chest.
I-I-I couldn't have waited, huh?
He was... he was 30
seconds away from firing me.
I would have had a-a severance package,
I would have had C.O.B.R.A. insurance.
Do you have any idea
how much insurance costs
for a year for a family?
Absolutely. About 20 grand.
You know we don't get insurance here.
So what are you gonna do?
Actually, I'm gonna...
I've been studying to take the boards
and get my M.D.
That is why you knew how
to treat the open fracture.
I was gonna say...
Well, good for you. You
know, I was in residency
with a 50-year-old lawyer
who changed careers.
It's never too late.
You know one thing I
learned from almost dying?
You have to live in the moment.
That is the best that we can do.
I hope I didn't make
a huge mistake tonight.
Because right now it
really feels like I did.
Hmm. You got a second?
I wanna show you something.
Come on.
See what's going on in that room?
That's because of you.
That girl has her father back
because of you.
Doesn't feel like a huge mistake to me.
Thanks, Topher.
Y-you know, um...
It's about an 80% pay cut,
uh, but we have an opening
for a physician's assistant.
Now you know what it is.
It's a lot of scut work, lot of paperwork,
lot of... ego humbling,
but if you really wanna pass your boards
and be a doctor, there's
no better way to learn.
A physician's assistant?
Yeah, and with your med
school, you more than qualify.
So... just... just think about it,
and if you hate it, you can always quit.
Right?
God knows you already got the speech down.
I can't believe you guys saved him.
I talked to the surgeon.
He said you gave him the $15k to pay
for Tricia's operation.
Oh, yeah?
And then Kenny said he
saw your bookie riding off
on your old Harley.
Selling Thad's old bike.
That was an
unbelievably amazing thing
you did for her, T.
Of course, now if you
wanna pay me back the $800
that you owe me...
Yeah.
I don't know, man.
I learned I need to let some of Thad go.
You know? Figure out what's me
and what's me trying to be like him.
You know?
Yeah. I do know.
I thought maybe this could help both of us
move on from a bad hand.
I hope it does. I love you, brother.
I love you, too.
But you are never getting
that $800 back.
Why... why does that not surprise me?
Hey, Topher. T.C.? Hey,
you guys need to see this.
Hey.
Gracias, T.C.
De nada.
What's going on?
Gwen uploaded a video of you
and Jordan from back in the day.
Halloween at our apartment, 2007. Remember?
Oh. Oh, God.
I just found my new screen saver.
- Nice legs, Hermione. Nice legs.
- Oh, okay, okay.
Not Hermione. Her-man-ee. You know?
And Jordan is Harry Paw-ter.
Like the paws on the tie.
The costume shop was
very specific about that.
I think he looks
younger than I do, maybe.
All right, one more time from the top.
No. All right, revenge is swift.
How in the hell did
T.C. score those tickets?
What tickets? What are you talking about?
The Spice Girls, front
row, two weeks from Friday,
you and me?
- Are you serious?
- Yes!
Unbelievable.
So how did you score those tickets?
They were sold out months ago.
Yeah? I got 'em months
ago. I knew you liked them.
What are you doing?
I thought you wanted to take it slow.
I lied.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org